README.md, before:

# PushPickup

The best way to find and organize pickup games. We currently support Soccer, Basketball, and Ultimate Frisbee. 

This is currently passion project by [Donny Winston](http://www.linkedin.com/pub/donny-winston/8/951/552) and Stewart McCoy [@stewartmccoy](http://twitter.com/stewartmccoy).

The project is open source and we'd love to talk with you if you're interested in contributing. Be sure to check out our issue tracker and see more below.

Stewart is the primary owner of the project as of July 2014, and would love if you emailed him at mccoy dot stewart at gmail dot com.

For more background on the motivation for this project, read: [A better way to organize pickup sports](http://stewartmccoy.com/a-better-way-to-organize-pickup-sports/)

## Development

This project uses Meteor, http://www.meteor.com, an awesome open-source platform for developing web apps. To start hacking,

    git clone https://github.com/pushpickup/pushpickup.git
    cd pushpickup
    sudo bash ./config/development/env.setup

Load `http://localhost:3000/` in your browser and play around.

The `devel` branch is the "stable" edge, from which feature branches (such as `new-mobile-rough`) are created and merged, and corresponds to what is (or should be) up at [pushpickup.meteor.com](http://pushpickup.meteor.com)

The `master` branch corresponds to what is (or should be) up at [pushpickup.com](http://pushpickup.com).

If you have an issue with the code, please [let us know](https://github.com/dwinston/pushpickup/issues/new). :)

Commit message:

update readme and also style on game detail

README.md, after:

# PushPickup

Find other players and organize pickup games for soccer, basketball and ultimate frisbee.

This project is actively being developed by Stewart McCoy [@stewartmccoy](www.linkedin.com/in/stewartmccoy), [Nick Taylor](ca.linkedin.com/in/nickytonline/en), and [Donny Winston](http://www.linkedin.com/pub/donny-winston/8/951/552).

PushPickup is open source and we'd love to talk with you if you're interested in contributing. Be sure to check out our issue tracker and see more below.

You can also email Stewart at mccoy dot stewart at gmail dot com.

For more background on the motivation for this project, read: [A better way to organize pickup sports](http://stewartmccoy.com/a-better-way-to-organize-pickup-sports/)

## Development

This project uses Meteor, http://www.meteor.com, an awesome open-source platform for developing web apps. To start hacking,

    git clone https://github.com/pushpickup/pushpickup.git
    cd pushpickup
    sudo bash ./config/development/env.setup

Load `http://localhost:3000/` in your browser and play around.

The `devel` branch is the "stable" edge, from which feature branches (such as `new-mobile-rough`) are created and merged, and corresponds to what is (or should be) up at [pushpickup.meteor.com](http://pushpickup.meteor.com)

The `master` branch corresponds to what is (or should be) up at [pushpickup.com](http://pushpickup.com).

If you have an issue with the code, please [let us know](https://github.com/pushpickup/pushpickup/issues/new). :)
